I see who dares
Dad, why are you here?
These two people infiltrated the flying flower banquet
I don't think they have a good heart at all
I want to come to this flying flower banquet to make trouble
In order to ensure the safety of Miss Shangguan
I pulled out these two mouse stones.
Hahahaha
Yes, Uncle Qian, this person cheats food and drink everywhere
If it gets out
Where is the majesty of the Shangguan family?
And this woman
It's the mistress Dong Fansheng complained about
The two of them are just lawless
Dad, I'm kicking them out now
Uncle Wang hands on
You villain
Dad, why are you hitting me?
It's all my fault that I don't get enough education
Let you idle
Caused such a big disaster
Our thousands of years of industry
It's all in your hands
Dad, are you confused? I'll kill you
Uncle Qian
We are also all thinking about Shangguan Jia
What's wrong with us?
And even if the first covenant is your son
In front of so many people
You have to be reasonable too
You two are pissing me off today
Girl, get over here
Get off and apologize
Dad, I'm afraid you're not stupid, are you?
It's all my fault that my previous education was not enough
Please also ask Miss Shangguan to punish